When you were a kid were you known as the Pebble?
Shut up!
There you are
How's it going?
Where the f*** you been?
Just between you and I, know the camera's aren't on right now right?
Say "What?"
What?
I know the cameras are not on right now
Keep saying "What?"
What?
*laughter*
Ask him if he smells that.
Woah hold on..
Do you smell that?
Ask him "Are you cooking something?"
Are you cooking something?
I am.
Ask him what he's cooking.
What are you cooking?
Currently?
Yeah.
A bucket of horsesh*t
*laughter*
Your asscheek hurts so bad.
Sorry.
Uh...so...how's the movie? How was it shooting and that?
Why is your face like that? Why are you making that face like you're doing something? What are you doing?
Sorry.
You think a bug crawled in to your ass crack.
I think a bug crawled in to my asscrack... or something...sorry.
So um...
The movie...the movie was good?
Is that always what you're cooking? Since the Rock has been cooking thing.
Yes
Has it always been horsesh*t or do you alternate judging by season
Well uh *stutters*. It's horsesh*t, it's llama sh*t, sometimes it's gorilla sh*t. But either way
Is it always sh*t?
It's always sh*t
ask him is he-
are you a belieber or directioner
heres what i am. I'm a I dont give a f*cker
Ask him if he wants to compare abs.
Would you- would you wanna compare abs, maybe?
With who?
With me obviously.
pull up your shirt and show him.
I've- I've been working out for a while, you know.
what do ya think?
Pretty good?
Start rolling your stomach.
I think-
oh...
That's
Can you do that?
I can NOT do that.
No. You look like you're in your second trimester.
Pull something out of your fanny pack.
So I have a present for you.
Oh good I love presents.
It's a water gun.
Ask him to squirt it in your mouth.
Could you please squirt this in to my mouth
How many times have you said that?
*Dwayne laughs*
How could you tell?
It's- It's the hair really
It's all the hair
Yeah. I mean in Hercules you kinda had that Harry Styles thing going on you know.
*Again*
Gimme your best shot.
You ready?
*Dwayne squirts "water" into Ian's mouth ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )*
Pay him cuz you're so happy that you're interviewing him.
Well, you know. It's been really great interviewing you and you know I was told I had to tip.
Just give him one Dollar.
One?
sorry
*Dwayne becomes sad*
What am I supposed to do with this?
Buy a Taco.
Alright now have a staring contest with him while singing "I will always love you"
And aaaaaaaaaa will
You Blinked!
That - That was pretty decent.
You're a good shot( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
Are you going to shoot me for the rest-
Ok, Yeah Just continue.
Ask him to keep spraying you
Just keep going
And aaaaaayeaaa will always love yooo--
UUUUUUUUUU
(holding note, pitch alternating)
Oh f*ck i blinked
Ask him to rap Hercules while you lay down a beat
You want a different one?
slow down a little bit
My name is Herc
You're a jerk
I just have one more present
It's for you
Aw man
Get it?
The rock. I get it
Wow thanks for loving that Anthony
That didn't embarrass me at all
And if you guys wanna see us embarrass ourselves in twister
click the video on the right
And to see a bunch of other really, really ridiculously embarrassing things I made Ian do in front of The Rock
Click the video on the left
And if you enjoyed that kind of stuff hit the subscribe button and let us know down in the comments who you think we should prank next.
And prank em. Prank em good